docs: Elaborate on how the `php_fastcgi` directive works (#197)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/directives/php_fastcgi.md

## Expanded form

> The `php_fastcgi` directive (with none of the subdirectives configured) is the same as the following configuration. Most modern PHP apps work well with this preset. If yours does not, feel free to borrow from this and customize it as needed instead of using the `php_fastcgi` shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `php_fastcgi` directive (without subdirectives) is the same as the following configuration. Most modern PHP apps work well with this preset. If yours does not, feel free to borrow from this and customize it as needed instead of using the `php_fastcgi` shortcut.
```

}
```

### Explanation

> Since the above expanded form may be hard to follow, here's an in-depth explanation of what it directive does, and why it works this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(Remove fluff, an explanation is great, no need to justify it IMO)
